okay guys i will be showing you how to
put halo on your ipod touch this is the
real deal it is not fake this is not
going to be one of the videos we put the
CD on top is going to be the actual game
second generation I don't know if it has
to be saying I Generation Y and
second-generation you can see what a
sound rocker right there ok um that's
the icon right there says I halo all
right there ok yeah that's a the icon
for halo um you can't do this once you
have your ipod jailbroken which I do and
I threw you have a job working open
cydia just right there all right let it
load
loading takes a little while to load
okay after it loads everything like it's
a go to manage hey go to sources sources
all right go to edit hit add all right
this is going to show you what the right
okay this is only for a jailbroken ipod
touch not if you just don't have a
jailbroken will not work well here's
what you have to write all right there
in that little space after you add it
and add your you type in repo or EPO dot
halo the number for iphone calm okay
repo dot halo for iphone dot com alright
if you type it in right it should work
and after you type it in just hit add
source which is right there and sources
right there but we already i already
have it so I'm not going to add it after
you have it you go to changes which is
what room with them is physical changes
and it should have some stuff like this
says I hailer for iphone ok you scroll
down works at halo for iphone click it
the hit install top right hand corner
hit install okay you know set sail over
there after you install it they'll take
about five minutes then you just touch a
big file just go back home and go over
till you see the icon just right there
my thumb is i'll click it I halo you
guys see that good set default settings
is hit play evil thing okay the graphics
are terrible to let you guys know but
this is the real halo game or ipod touch
okay i have a guy right now it's a
pistol I will jump just me jumping mmm I
will shoot it for you
I will move for you all right let's go
kill some bad guys not exactly the
aliens are things there right there all
right that's me raping some bad guys so
hopefully this helped you out they
helped me out a lot of em it's really
fun it's a you know bad quality but I
can't help it um the game's bad graphics
but I'm sure they will have updates for
it and stuff and again here's the
website but the thing is to type it in
so so yeah leave comments right good bye
yeah have a job working remember that